Captain Song doesn't know
Before you
But you're not the only one who said that to me.
I'm not like them.
They recruit troops, buy horses, grab territory and do bad things
And I need people to do good deeds
Xiao Ming
You heard about the poverty list, right?
Ah!
Heard about it but
like
The money hasn't reached the poor yet, has it?
and
I also heard some things about Captain Song in the past
The money will be sent out soon.
I used to be young and ignorant
I have indeed done some ridiculous things
But this time I'm back to atone for my sins
I'll see won't I.
I heard you want to dominate SM
And I want to take all the organizations of DSM
Give everyone a quiet atmosphere
And do what you can to help those in need
Don't we have no advantage if we join forces?
Then you disband your inspection team
Although it is called the Inspectorate
But he Shi Xin will meet the blood gang at 7:30
It doesn't make any difference
I can't disband the inspectorate yet
Because what I'm going to do needs some people
Oh so
How can I trust you, Hugh Zero?
This is 200,000
Enough for you to enjoy for a while
What do you mean?
What do I mean? Don't you understand?
That's power.
It's what I pay you.
As long as you join the inspectorate
I can give you everything you want
As expected of Captain Song
It's so generous
You look down on me too much